To kick things off here, at the very end of last month,
we released RStudio Connect 1.9 with new features
for content curation to build your ideal showcase of data
products.
And so today, Kelly is going to go
through a demo of the new functionality.
And we'll be here to answer any and all questions
that you have.
So again, please feel free to use the chat window
to ask questions.
Or I'll put the Slido link in there shortly
if there's anything you want to ask anonymously as well.
And with that, I will turn it over to you, Kelly.
Awesome.
Thanks, Rachel.
I'm going to share my screen here.
All right.
Hopefully that's showing up OK for you.
Yep.
I can see it.
It's not in the presentation mode yet,
but I can see the slide.
I'm going to be hopping through the browser
and in and out of my RStudio IDE.
So I'm just going to keep it like this.
It doesn't bother everybody.
No, that's good.
I'm going to present like this.
It gives a casual feel.
So feel free to ask as many questions as you want.
I also want to give a call out to Katie Maciela, who's
on the call as well, who's one of our CS reps.
She took some slides that I built
and built some better slides.
And then I took her slides and turned them into these slides.
So Katie, thank you for your slides.
I will just keep passing them back and forth
and improving upon them forever.
And it will be great.
Thank you for that.
So welcome.
I'm here today to talk about RStudio Connect
and the release we did last month, which was 1.9.0.
It introduces some new functionality and a new R
package called Connect Widgets.
That is the big headline for this release and R package,
actually, not anything having to do with Connect code at all.
There's a little bit of functionality
that went along with that.
I'll talk about some quality of life improvements,
we'll call them, to go along with this package as part
of the 1.9.0 release.
But largely, this is about an external R package
we produced to add some functionality that I think
was really missing in the product itself.
This is the Connect Widgets official HEX logo,
but we haven't officially made stickers of it yet.
But Edgar Lees put together this HEX logo himself for us.
And so I wanted to give him a special call on his call.
But in order to level set here, I
want to make sure that everybody is on the same page with us
as we talk about Connect and talk about the feature
set that Connect Widgets plugs into here.
When I think about Connect, I am thinking as a product manager
across a large number of different user profiles.
So I think about what Connect can do for the admin.
I think about what it can do for the data science leader,
what it can do for the stakeholders, the viewers.
But mostly, because of my background
in data science myself, I think about what Connect
can do for the publisher.
And when I think about the publisher actions that
exist on Connect, I'm sort of thinking
along four different vectors, thinking about what Connect
can do for deployment.
That means deploying different artifacts in R and Python.
And you can choose from a number of different deployment
mechanisms.
You can go push button deployment.
You can deploy Python content through a CLI.
You can plug into your Git version control system
and do Git back deployment.
Or you could even fully customize,
scope out deployment pipeline using our server API.
So you've got lots of different options
that take you from the basic, getting something off
of your laptop, capturing the basics of that environment,
and putting it on to a shared server,
all the way to DevOps-style deployments, CICD.
You think about execution.
You can choose between publishing static content
or publishing content that's backed by the source code
itself so that you can set it up to run on a schedule.
Or you can control the number of processes and connections
to that process if you have an interactive content type,
like an application or an API.
I think about management.
I want to control the metadata that
is associated with this individual content item.
I want to be able to publish new versions of it in place,
like roll them forward, backward,
do blue-green-style deployments between different content
items.
I want to be able to access the report history
if I have a scheduled report and see
the history of what I've been producing over time.
And I want to be able to do some light organization with tags
and track usage widgets.
For the final step, distribution,
I'm thinking about actually making
an impact in my organization.
How am I going to get this content
that I've spent so much time deploying and crafting
and managing into the hands of people who actually need it?
Sometimes it's just you who needs something,
or it's you, your future self, who
needs to be able to find something.
Sometimes it's a group of larger folks
who you want to distribute this thing to.
You want this to be a showcase of what you're producing
for your organization for.
And so it's important to be able to make sure
they can find that thing on Connect,
or make sure you've sent that out
and through the proper channels.
So you can distribute content that
was on Connect through custom emails.
You can set vanity URLs.
There are a number of things that you
can do to distribute individual content items today.
And this makes for a really great, cool experience
for managing individual content items.
So I'll just go ahead and just, again,
so that we're level setting, make sure
that everybody knows what these features look like,
at least from the management and distribution side.
So I've produced this report.
It's based on this silly toy project
that I put together called Cookie Cutter Shop,
where I was managing an Etsy shop
to sell cookie cutters in the shape of the R logo.
I was selling them in three different colors.
They were purple, black, and red.
And as people were ordering them off of the Etsy shop,
my inventory was soaring.
And then I would have to update those inventory levels
and then start printing more on my 3D printer
in each of those colors as the inventory burned down.
So I was producing these inventory burned down charts
and updating my inventory as they went up and down.
And I was replenishing and orders were coming in.
And every day this report would run
and then send me an alert or not send an alert
based on whether the inventory level
crossed a certain low-end threshold
that I wanted to trigger the action
for taking more 3D printing on.
So this is my inventory control report.
And what I can do in Connect,
this is the publisher view within Connect.
I can control the access settings to it.
I can set just me to be able to see it,
or I can open it up so that anyone can see it on the server.
I can add collaborators.
So if I wanted to add Rachel,
if she comes on board, I hire her as like,
hey, I'm gonna keep track of my inventory now.
I should probably add you as a collaborator to this report.
So now she can come and manage this report,
produce updates to it, check my code
and make sure it's correct.
And I can add a link so that we can share this report
with other folks.
And we don't have to share this like ugly, long URL.
We can make a cute, short URL, like a cookie report.
Save that.
And then we can distribute this whole thing
just based off of this individual link.
That's the open solo view.
Back to the publisher view.
The other thing that's really useful here,
as I mentioned, is to have this report
running on a schedule.
So we want this to run, you know, daily, every day
at maybe 6 a.m.
That'll be good.
6 a.m., that'll be 9 a.m. for Rachel
since I'm on the West Coast, she's on the East Coast.
And we'll need to collaborate on this.
And then I wanna send a custom email after the update,
but I don't want it to send every day.
I only want it to send us an email
if the inventory falls below a certain level
for a certain color.
So I've written that logic using a Plastula package
into a custom email associated with this content item.
We publish both the report and the email together
as a bundle here on Connect.
So now when I set this report up to get published
and run every day,
this will send me the email.
I have a little screenshot of it.
I won't show you my actual email
because that's a disaster.
But here's what a report email looks like.
I have a little banner image and it lets us know
that we need to go check the inventory levels
and everything is wonderful.
So those are the basics of managing access,
distribution, scheduling for a report-type content item.
There are a couple of other things that you can do here
that not everybody takes advantage of on the Connect server.
One is tagging.
If you want to go through and add a level of organization
to your Connect server,
you can have an admin set up a tag schema for you.
And as a publisher, that means that you have access
to all of the tags that your tag schema will provide.
So these are hierarchical tags,
which means that they work a little interesting.
If I want to tag something as Python content,
I can then go in and tag it as a subclass of Python content.
So I can apply the Python tag and save the dash tag.
Now, that doesn't make sense for this particular document
since I wrote it in R,
but that's just an example
of how the hierarchical tag system works.
So you'll see that I tagged this as email
since it has a custom email associated with it.
And this is our sales demo server.
You'll be able to find reports
that have custom emails associated with them very quickly.
So that's the basics of kind of how to manage
a single content item on Connect.
And I think this works like really well
for single items, at least.
If you are in a scenario where today you have Connect
and you only have like five different content items
and they're all beautiful,
you've set vanity URLs for them and they're all tagged,
maybe you don't even need tags, you only have five items.
So everything is labeled
and maybe your stakeholders have to do
a little bit of reading.
They've read the description,
associated metadata and thumbnail images with them.
Everything is fairly discoverable.
Content discovery is not an issue for you.
But if you're like me,
and I hope that a lot of you are
because I find it really exciting
to build these content items and publish them.
If I start a project, it very quickly turns into like,
I was trying to make a shiny application
and all of a sudden now I have like three pins
and two static documents and a scheduled document
and like a graveyard of like old content items
that were my prototypes.
And I've got like an instrumentation dashboard
off to the side that's watching the usage
of this shiny application.
And this project just explodes.
And now you've got five or six content items
that are all part of a single project.
You don't have just one report
that's the output of your data science work.
Now you've got this body of work
that all needs to be tracked
and understood as a cohesive unit.
Sometimes that means like
you've got additional collaborators coming on board.
There's all of this complexity that comes
with building out data science artifacts.
And as far as Connect is concerned,
making something that adds a layer of content discovery
at this sort of complex project level
has not been something we've yet taken on
until hopefully now.
So I've not been the only one experiencing this issue.
We have had lots of other customers reach out to us
and I wanted to acknowledge those things we hear you
and really appreciate the feedback at this level.
So this slide is all about
how much I appreciate hearing from our customers
and your feedback and listening
to what you'd like the product to do in the future.
So please keep that coming.
What we've heard from customers is that
you're producing a lot of pieces of related content
and you wanna share that all with viewers
but you're not sure how to do that now
given the tools that we've had in Connect historically.
Giving your stakeholders pages and blanks is tiresome.
The default Connect content dashboard
isn't polished enough to share.
You want to create sort of an app gallery
or a content gallery app store
for your content items on Connect.
You wanna have custom landing pages
for business stakeholders or different groups.
You want to make the content dashboard less overwhelming
and content discovery easier.
The final piece is a piece of feedback that we took
and then changed during the design process.
And I wanna give you a little peek behind the curtain
at our design process and how we built out this feature set.
So the final piece of feedback we got on this was
it would be amazing if Connect
could automatically generate a gallery.
And that was something we really did consider here
and we decided to move in a different direction.
And I hope that this will still satisfy
the core sentiment of this ask in what we built
but it's something that we could revisit over time.
At our studio, we really cherish it
and love to think of our users as folks who write code.
It makes us very nervous to do things automatically
for you.
There's lots of magic that exists
within the package ecosystem.
But at the end of the day, by using the R package
ecosystem, Python libraries, by writing things out in code
you're making those patterns reproducible for yourself
at least in theory that's more reproducible
for yourself at least.
So when we designed a solution to make content discovery
a little bit easier to make these app stores
or content galleries a reality in Connect,
we wanted to make that solution as self-service as possible
and rely on existing familiar Connect content types
rather than produce something that would magically
pull together your content items for you
and make the end solution more rigid
and less reproducible that we wanted.
So we wanted it to be code-based.
We wanted it to, again, like I said,
to be built upon familiar known Connect content types
like R Markdown and Shiny.
We wanted the end result to be still polished,
have presentable defaults out of the box.
So not need or require you to do a lot of heavy-handed CSS
or work on the design front to get something
that looks really great.
We didn't want you to need to read the entire
Connect server API documentation book
in order to figure this out.
We wanted to do some light hand-holding
when it comes to working with our APIs
and we wanted it to be as customizable as possible
and really easy to put your own branding on.
So we produced an R package called Connect Widgets
that provides HTML widgets or helper functions
to organize and curate your RStudio Connect content
within an R Markdown document or Shiny application.
That's a lot of words, so I'm gonna demo it
just to show you sort of what all of this means.
Let me flip over here to RStudio.
Okay, so the Connect Widgets package is available on Crayon.
You can install that package's Connect Widgets.
And it's already loaded, yay.
So I'm not gonna update it,
but it does give me great joy just to type out
and install that package's Connect Widgets
because it was a long time getting it onto Crayon
and by a strange manager,
Jill is sitting there smiling about.
So we're really happy to have it on Crayon
and it's awesome to be able to just type that out.
Well, no, I kicked it off anyway.
So once you have the package installed
and loaded, five minutes, Connect Widgets,
you can come over to open a new R Markdown document.
That's the easiest way to get started with Connect Widgets
even though you can use these components
in R Markdown or Shiny applications
because if you're using R Markdown,
you can start from a template page.
So we have a Connect Widgets template available
along with the package template.
And it will open up into a template right here
that you can just knit right away and get started with.
Hold on a second.
This is my new favorite trick to removing the title.
Having a title in R Markdown document
just doesn't always look awesome.
I'm just leaving.
I don't know if I can do this right.
Okay, here we go.
And so the first thing you do is pull out the title
and then this will take you through some intro code chunks
to get started with Connect Widgets.
And you'll note that it does also add Decliner
because one of the things that you can do
with Connect Widgets is pull all of the content
that you have access to on your existing Connect server
down locally and then use basic Decliner
that you're used to using to filter that down
into the subset of content items
that you actually want to showcase on this page.
So the setup is to connect to the Connect server
that you'd like access to.
And the way to do that that we recommend
is setting some environment variables.
So behind the scenes, I've already set up
a .environ file to set my Connect server environment variable
and the Connect API key environment variable.
So both of those are already set.
They're set to that sales server I was demoing before.
So once I connect, it's going to try to pull down
all the content items and then create a variable
called sample content, which will just slice 50
of those content items out for me.
So there'll be more things that happen
below the document further down,
but I'm going to emit it from here
and then we can see what is the output
of each of these component types.
It's like we emitted this page.
All right, so the first thing we get
is not actually part of the package itself.
It's sort of a joke that my friend David
put into the template.
As you can see here, a random unsplash forest image
is calling random forest.
So we can yell at him about that joke.
But each of the components that make up Connect widgets
are expressed here on this template page
that you can pull out and push different content items
onto.
So we're working with this sample content group
and the first component type is called a card.
So this is just a random piece of content
that we've pulled off of the sales demo server
that Nick produced on August 17th.
He didn't produce, he didn't add any metadata
like a description to this content.
He just gave it a basic title and then that was it.
It's an API type.
We can tell that from the default image.
And then if we wanted to visit this piece of content,
we could click through the open content button.
So that's a card that represents singular content items.
You can put multiple cards on a page.
You don't need to use the card content type.
You can pull it out and you can use something like a grid.
So if you want to represent more content in less space,
you could choose a grid instead.
So this represents a larger number of content.
There's pagination.
All of these thumbnail images are the default ones
that come with the package.
If you haven't set thumbnail images for your content,
they will appear as these defaults in gray
in each of the grid and card types.
Now, this is a special case.
I'm not able to pull down the thumbnail images
to my local development environment off of the sales server.
Most of our sales server content
does have thumbnail images associated with it.
So you'll see this difference between development
and pushing something up to your actual Connect server.
If I were to publish this content item
back to our sales server,
and I'll have that running in the background
as I keep talking about the different component types here,
but we'll see what it looks like
to differentiate between local development.
I don't see any of these thumbnail images
and pushing it to production
where the thumbnail images come into play.
So that's the grid and card.
The last content component is a table.
So this is a set table of metadata.
You get a name, a type, an owner, and last updated,
and you get the mini content thumbnail images alongside.
Again, it's paginated.
And finally, there are components
for searching and filtering.
So this shows against basically the same table type.
If you were to add searching and filtering to this,
so I can search for content that Edgar has produced.
And the type, let's see, let's look at all,
oh, no, we don't have any of,
let's see, all of Edgar's pins.
It looks like he's produced a lot of pins.
And you can also filter by tags.
You can look at all Edgar's access to care pins.
Searching, similarly, if I were to look at,
let's see, maybe that's his model.
I just get this content that is named model.
So the search just searches the main field here.
You can reset, go back.
And the searching and filtering component
can be applied to the table or to the grid.
So that's all there is for the basics
of Connect Widget and its components.
Definitely want to talk about theming,
but let's see if I can get this first iteration
of it published Connect first
before we make some changes here.
I'm trying to get this.
Kelly, I can ask a few questions
that came in on the Slido as well while it's publishing.
One of the upvoted ones is,
do we actually push the output of the R Markdown knitted
or the R Markdown doc itself?
So for example, do I have to set things up
to re-knit regularly to keep the list up to date?
Yep, so if you wanted the sample content to regenerate,
or if you had this content coming off of a tag,
then you would want to publish with the source code,
and then you would want to schedule this to re-update.
So I could run it, you know,
I could run it every 30 minutes to re-update if I wanted to.
I don't recommend running every minute.
That seems heavy handed.
If you're down to that level,
then you'd want to probably put these component types
into a Shiny application and make them interactive.
And that way, at least everyone coming to a fresh session
would see the content of it
that they should at the beginning of their session.
Thank you.
Did that answer the question?
John, feel free to jump in if you want to as well.
Oh, he said, thank you, yep.
Cool.
Okay, so now you can see what this looks like
when I publish it.
So this is another interesting piece of,
I don't know, a piece of the puzzle here
is that some of these content items I've pulled down,
I don't actually have access to.
And that's because on this server, I am an administrator.
So I can use Connect Widgets to pull down
actually the full set of content items
that exist on the server.
If you're a publisher, you only get to pull down
the content items that you own
and that you're a collaborator on.
So that's something to keep in mind
as you use Connect Widgets.
As an administrator, I need to be sort of more aware
of this and more careful
because I can produce a content item like this one
where even I don't have access to view the thumbnails
for each of these content types.
So for this one, this is something that I know I own
and it has a nice thumbnail image.
I can visit it.
For this one, let's see.
I'm sure that Nick won't mind,
but I wanted to show you,
this is a feature that's been added
in the last six months to Connect
where we've put in a request for access workflow.
So as actually an administrator,
I don't have the ability to send access requests.
I can just add myself to the content,
but that action will be audited.
So I can add myself as a viewer
or a collaborator to the piece of content.
If I were logged in here as a publisher,
I would see these same options.
I could request access as a collaborator or as a viewer,
but it would send Nick an email
letting him know that I had requested
and asking him to give me those permissions.
Similarly, for a viewer role,
you only have the ability to request view access
since you don't have publisher rights
and it doesn't make sense for you to be a collaborator.
But now you can see that we still have
a couple content items that have the default image.
We have a couple of content items
that have been updated to their existing thumbnails.
And this is a table that looks the same.
So the table and the search and filter table,
they look the same between development
and their production state on Connect.
But you'll see those differences
for all of the content types, card and grid,
that allow you to associate a thumbnail image on something.
So that is Connect widgets.
I did wanna show the theming elements too,
since this document that I produced
is pretty boring at this point.
Let's quickly add a theme here.
So I'm warning you, I'm not a great designer,
but let's see, we can use the Bootswatch themes,
which are really nice.
And then often what I'll do in addition to this
is add a background and foreground color as well,
so that some of the colors can like fill out
the background and foreground.
I find that just adding the Bootswatch alone
doesn't always like satisfy my need
for enough green on the screen.
And that's what you'll see I've done
for some of the images that I mocked up
for the blog post and for the logo
that Rachel used to put together.
But this will show you just what you can do,
how these things translate into different component items
when you just add a Bootswatch theme.
Beyond that, you can really go to town.
If you want, you can add as much CSS as you want to this,
but this just shows you what Minty will do.
So it changes the font, it changes the color of the buttons,
it changes the color of the highlight text a little bit,
and the pagination.
Again, all the Bootswatch themes
will take you in different directions,
but translate into component items themselves.
So you can turn up the knobs on that, like I said,
by adding background and foreground colors
to add more different accent colors to your content.
So that is the theme.
And the other thing that I wanted to show
was how to take the sample content
and turn it into something
that might be actually useful to you.
I'm assuming that most folks on the call,
if you are at all interested in this feature set,
are not going to want to pull down
a random sample of content off of your server
and then put that onto a page.
So if you're interested in interacting with Connect Widgets
to pull down content that's meaningful to you,
there are two helper functions you're provided
that you should probably know about.
One is by tag.
So by tag, let's see.
I have one picked out for Python.
Is it just called Python?
Let's look.
So this is all the Python content we have.
Yeah, so it's just called Python.
So let's see what happens when I pull down
everything with the Python tag.
All right, so now sample content has 47.
We've got 47 different pieces of Python content here.
And that's a lot,
so I'm gonna filter that down even further by,
what's my name on the server?
I think it's just Kelly.
Kelly.
All right, so now I'm down to nine.
I've only contributed nine pieces of Python content
to the sales.
That's okay.
We'll use that.
So now this will take the same sample content variable,
but now it contains Python content that I've produced,
and it'll put that into the card grading table.
So let's make that, let's see, what was it?
Oh, cool, cool.
Okay, so here's all my Python content.
That's great.
I don't need the table twice.
I probably don't need the table at all.
So I'll just keep the grid and the card,
and then change this to Kelly, Python.
And then I want to change this image too.
I made a Python banner.
Let's move this to, all right, that's good.
Python banner.
Okay, great.
All right, let's not even minute.
We'll just, just add it.
Oh no, where is, yes, publish, all right.
So let's just test how this works.
We'll see what the final results looks like in a minute.
And in the meantime, I'll talk through the rest of my slides.
So it gives you a bit of a sense
for what Connect Widgets is capable of, I hope.
It gives you a sense for what you can build
with Connect Widgets.
In the backend, remember that you need to provide
an API key and server adjusts environment variables
because it is using the RStudio Connect server API
to do those calls out to your server
to pull the content items down
and give you that information
about the metadata associated with each of them.
And then you can apply different groups of content
to different HTML components
and place them on a page or an application.
And I'm hoping that this is useful to folks,
not only for the case that I described
at the top of the deck that talks about like a project
that just blows up in complexity,
but also as potentially a content hub
or knowledge repository for a whole group
of sort of related content items
that belong to a single group or an objective
or an OKR or a team as a single entry point for stakeholders.
So if you wanted to create a really polished showcase
for a stakeholder group that just shows them
the content items that you want them to see
and doesn't point them to the overwhelming
leadership information that is the Connect dashboard,
you could use that for this,
or just as a general purpose presentation layer
for any curated list of content items.
This is another interpretation
of something you can do with Connect,
which is for a more complex project.
I'm sure some of you have seen this demo
to you by our solutions engineers or sales team,
but this is an end-to-end data science workflow
for visualizing and predicting pipe share data.
Oh, oh, the thing that I published is now ready.
Here's my Python demo content.
Oh, it looks great, very cool, very cute.
Okay, sorry about that brief interruption.
So the actual demo assets that build up this set of analyses
for the pipe share data is built upon a number
of our Markdown documents that do data import,
cleaning, and model training,
and produce output in the form of several PIMS data sets
that get updated on a regular basis.
Those then get pulled into API prediction services
built on Parmer and an application
for doing an assessment of model quality over time.
And then the final output is two different
prod and development client apps
that can be rotated between each other.
So all of these components make sort of this ecosystem
that you can move on to this complex data science project.
And you can use Connect Widgets like we've done here
to sort out all of these different content items
and make sure that everybody who's collaborating on them
knows where to find them, knows what all the pieces are,
knows that when something breaks,
you can refer to this diagram
and see what else downstream might be affected.
And use this as not only a landing spot
for everything that's been deployed to Connect
for this particular project,
but also link back to the GitHub repository itself
where we manage all the code
that goes into producing all of this content.
So everything is linked together.
Everything can be shared as a singular showcase.
And we're hopefully reducing the amount of complexity
that there is to track over time.
As I mentioned, there are a couple of supporting features
that I demoed that went into some early releases of Connect
that have built into this 1.9.0 release.
One was the request for access permissions that I showed.
Another is more streamlined publishing.
So even though you still have to set the Connect server
and Connect API key on the local side,
local development, these will be, by default at least,
automatically enabled for content
that you publish to Connect.
That's why you'd see me be able to publish directly
these things that I've been building locally
and they are just working on Connect.
I don't have to go in and set my API key
or server address again,
once that content item is published.
So it doesn't publish in a broken state anymore.
That was very nice.
If you are a particularly security-conscious customer,
your server admin does have the ability
to turn this particular feature off,
as well as the request for access permissions.
So those are always options for you.
If these are offensive to you in some way,
the product will continue to work as it did before.
Sorry, Rachel.
Oh, sorry.
I was just going to say,
while you were talking about publishing,
I see there was a question where someone asked,
is there a way to pick up changes from Git
when you make new commits to some of the included content
or how does updating one piece of content work this way?
Yeah, absolutely.
So if I go into Connect,
I could, let's see.
Well, yeah, let's change this.
I think we have time.
Let's do this quickly.
So let me see if I can.
All right.
And then let's see.
I'm going to create a new GitHub repository
in my own personal GitHub for this content.
Hopefully you have figured that out internally.
So in this step,
I won't show where I'm creating a repository in my GitHub.
You'll do that for your own organizational repository.
And I'm not sharing this part.
Okay.
Okay, so now I have a new repository.
The last piece that I need to do
is to generate a manifest for this content item.
So I will do, let's see, rsConnect.
Right, manifest, and now I'm not in the right content.
Let's see, set as working directory.
Now I'm at the manifest,
so that it goes into the template example directory.
And then once that's written,
it takes a couple of seconds,
but it's trying to capture all the information
about the packages that I used
and the version of R that I'm running
and the content itself, including this banner image.
And it's writing up a manifest
of all of that information for me
so that I can commit it to a GitHub repository
and then I can link that Git repository
to a content item on Connect.
I will have to produce a new content item.
I can't link the existing one
that I already push-button published to Git.
I have to start over from a fresh content item.
But since I've only published once so far,
it shouldn't be an issue for me.
Thanks, Kelly.
It's going to take a while.
If it takes more than 10 more seconds,
I'll flip over and use a different repository
that already exists.
But hold up here.
Just another question too,
and anyone from the Connect team
could probably answer this as well,
but I see someone had asked anonymously,
authorization that publishers can manage vanities exists
so that publishers can manage vanity URLs.
Is there an upcoming feature
so that publishers can create tags?
That's a great question.
I'm so glad you asked.
We don't have that slated for an upcoming release,
but it is something that we have heard a lot.
So I am quite aware that it's a hole
that's necessary to complete this publisher enablement story
that we're going after here.
Okay.
We did it?
Oh, we did it.
Okay, let's see.
Also, just realizing if people want to use the Slido
for other feedback like that,
even if it's not a question for today,
that would be awesome as well.
Then I can share that with the Connect team.
Back to the other one.
Let's see.
Okay.
So several minutes of waiting hopefully is a good outcome.
Let's see.
All right.
So now I should have the manifest in a Git repository
and now I can come to Connect here
and publish import from Git as a publishing option
in this publish dropdown.
And then if it's a public repository,
I can drop the Git URL right here.
If you are a private organization
that requires private repositories,
you're going to need to do some extra configuration steps
to get to this point and enable Connect
to interact with your GitHub.
And that is all detailed in configuration docs
that we can send to you.
But since we have this server rather open
for sales demo purposes, I do that.
I skipped over this.
You select your share
and then it'll go in and inspect all of the directories
inside of the repository
for anything that contains a manifest JSON file.
So everything, all of the individual content items
that you put into a repository
need to be sort of bundled into their own directories
with their own individual manifest files.
You can't just create one manifest file
that covers lots of different content items
and publish them all as one big group.
I know that's been asked for though,
but today you still have to publish
individual content items as individual items
with individual manifest.
So here, type on
Git release sample.
Say deploy.
This kicks off a deployment
that's going to now be linked to that Git repository.
So any changes that I push to the main branch
will be reflected via a new update to this content item.
I open it right now.
It should look like exactly what I showed.
It's produced here, but if I make a change,
let's see, let's add a title, even though I don't like it.
Type on content demo save.
And then again,
add title,
push,
and if I come over here to the info pane,
now this will automatically get picked up, that change,
every time the Connect polls Git for changes.
I think that happens every 15 minutes or so,
but Aaron, correct me if I'm wrong, if you know, on that.
And if you are impatient
and want to see the change right away,
you can come to the info pane here and scroll down
to where you can see that this content
was generated from Git.
So once you're back to the repository
and it tells you which branch it's looking at
and the directory within the repository,
it's set to check for updates periodically.
You can turn that behavior off
if you want to only update it manually,
but I mean, the point of this is to have it update periodically
and watch that branch, so it's nice to have.
If you want to see the change that reflected,
it'll go out and look for that change.
It says changes were found,
so it kicks off a new deployment here.
And Aaron confirmed in the chat that it is 15 minutes,
Kelly.
Great.
And Kelly, one other question,
I think maybe you answer this,
but it was asked ahead of time.
Will the contents be only ones that you specify
in the connect widget markdown?
Or is that including all published content by default?
So that's a good question.
I think it depends on how you, yes.
The question, the answer is yes,
but it depends, you have to be careful
on how you write the code, right?
So if I'm writing something that is
one of these connect widgets that pulls all of the content
and then filters by a tag like Python
that includes things that other people have created
that I am not in full control over
and is scheduled up to run on the schedule,
you could pull in content that you didn't intend to
because other people can add content to that tag, right?
So you're not in full control of what will end up
being rendered as the content item
and saved if it's running on a schedule.
If you're concerned about that
and you really wanna make sure that the content items
that are going to appear on the page
are exactly the ones you want at all times,
I'd recommend either really making sure
that the logic you're using to pull in
that set of content items is exactly what you want it to be
and other people can't throw in content
into that funnel potentially,
or you don't publish with the source code backed,
or you don't run it on the schedule
and you're just manually updating.
Those are your sort of options there.
Thanks, Kelly.
I just shared the Slido link again in the chat
if anybody has other final questions too.
But one other just quick question I have,
or I see someone put in, Kelly,
is what was that syntax trick for removing the title?
No, it's, I'll put it in the chat.
Oh, Erin just put it there too.
Thank you.
Okay, thanks, Erin.
Awesome.
Thank you so much, Kelly.
I know we're kind of getting to the top of the hour here.
We took it right to the end.
Perfect timing.
But if it's okay to stay on for a few more minutes
if there are any other questions.
Yeah, I think so.
Thank you.